PROJECT NOTES

Users, groups, contacts, and all other entities are treated as objects, and
each object is indexed in the "objects" collection. Each type of object has its
own pattern for the IDs, listed below.

Users: IDs start with "21" and are numerical
Contacts: IDs start with "E0." and end with "_9x"
Groups:
    Public groups have IDs that start with "PX." and end with "_QN"
    Private groups have IDs that start with "32." and end with "_ZZ"

Public groups have three security leaves:
    Open - Group is searchable and non-members can ask to join (or outrightly join)
    Closed - Group is not searchable. Users must be invited.


The user owns his/her private groups, and can only add people in his/her contacts
to the group. The group is just a way for the user to organize their contacts.

The user can share other people's contact information with other users (information
will be saved as static, and will not be updated when the contact information changes)

The same way, a user can share a private group with another user (or with a group).
Information shared with a group is shared with all members of the group. The shared
information is only static, and is not updated automatically.

Every single piece of information is stored in the database as a fully contained
information (no linkages, etc). For example, if A shares their contact information
with B, a copy of A's contact information is stored in B's contacts list. When A
updates their contact information, an index mapping who shared what with who will
show that A is sharing information with B. The system will rebuild the contact
information for B and replace the old contact information.

If B shares A's contact information with C, another copy of the contact information
(a snapshot) is created for C. This information does not have any linkage back to
A (it is static information), so when A updates their contact information, C's
copy is not rebuilt.

The only place where linkages are allowed is in private groups. Here, we do not
create a copy of each contact for the group.

When a user joins a public group, they choose what information to share with the
group. A copy of the user's contact information is created for the group, with an
index linking the user to the contact. When the user updates their contact information,
the linkage tells the system to rebuild the user's contact information for the group.

Members of a public group can view each other's contact information, depending on
what each member decides to share. Group members can also set permissions on what
the group can do and what the group cannot do (e.g. send him SMS, Email, etc).

A group admin can choose the minimum required information for joining the group.
For example, a peer messaging group admin can stipulate that all members must 
provide SMS permission to the group before joining. Or that all members must 
provide their emails before joining.

The group leaders can also choose what users are not allowed to share. For example,
group leaders can ban users from sharing their phone numbers with the group. In
such case, the users will not be prevented from sharing their phone numbers, but
other group members will not be able to view them (this help preserve users' settings
in a case where the group settings changed after the user has shared the said information).

There MUST be at least one admin in a group. The last admin is not allowed to leave
the group until he/she assigns another admin. If in any case the last admin leaves,
the top 10 members of the group (by contribution) are provided to the other members
for election (the group remains inaccessible until the poll is complete). The two
members with the highest votes win. (PLEASE REVIEW THIS PROCESS)


